[pickers] Remove `PickersMonth` and `PickersYear` from the theme and remove the `div` wrapping each button (#15806)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-pickers-v7/migration-pickers-v7.md

});
```

### Month Calendar

> To simplify the theme and class structure, the `<PickersMonth />` component has been inlined inside the Month Calendar component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the theme and class structure, the `<PickersMonth />` component has been moved directly inside the Month Calendar component.
```

or
```suggestion
To simplify the theme and class structure, the `<PickersMonth />` component has been refactored, and the Button is now inside the Month Calendar component.
```

Or something like that. The word 'inlined' feels weird. 🤔

  ```diff
  -import { pickersMonthClasses } from '@mui/x-date-pickers/MonthCalendar';
  +import { monthCalendarClasses } from '@mui/x-date-pickers/MonthCalendar';

  -const buttonClassName = pickersMonthClasses.monthButton;
  +const buttonClassName = monthCalendarClasses.button;

  -const selectedButtonClassName = pickersMonthClasses.selected;
  +const selectedButtonClassName = monthCalendarClasses.selected;

  -const disabledButtonClassName = pickersMonthClasses.disabled;
  +const disabledButtonClassName = monthCalendarClasses.disabled;
  ```

- The `monthButton` slot of the `PickersMonth` style overrides has been replaced by the `button` slot of the `MonthCalendar` theme entry:

  ```diff
   const theme = createTheme({
     components: {
  -    PickersMonth: {
  +    MonthCalendar: {
         styleOverrides: {
  -        monthButton: {
  +        button: {
             color: 'red',
           },
         },
       },
     },
   });
  ```

- The button to render a single month is no longer wrapped in a `<div />`, the spacing are instead defined inside the `root` slot of the Month Calendar.

### Year Calendar

> To simplify the theme and class structure, the `<PickersYear />` component has been inlined inside the Year Calendar component.

Reviewer: Same suggestion as for the `Month Calendar`
